docs: add JCloud deployment docs (#739)
jina-ai/clip-as-service: docs/how-to/jcloud_deploy.md

# Deploy on JCloud

> This tutorial shows how to deploy CLIP Encoder on JCloud. 

Reviewer: CLIP  Encoder? Are you sure there is a space in between?

> Click [here](https://github.com/jina-ai/jcloud) for more information on JCloud usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[for more information on JCloud usage](...)
```

> A sample YAML file of a [Jina Flow](https://docs.jina.ai/fundamentals/flow/) to run minimum CLIP Encoder is given as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A minimum YAML file `flow.yml` is as follows:
```

```yaml

> # flow.yml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

jtype: Flow
executors:

>   - name: CLIPTorchEncoder # The name of the encoder

Reviewer: You previousluy said `CLIP Encoder` now it is `CLIPTorchEncoder`, I'm confused, so will the reader. Please clarify to the reader, not to me

Author: Yes. Will add 'use ClipTorchEncoder as an example'

>     uses: jinahub+docker://CLIPTorchEncoder # You can find more on Jina Hub

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    uses: jinahub+docker://CLIPTorchEncoder # You can find more on Jina Hub???? How? where is it? whats the URL?
```

Author: There will be more. Let's remove it for now

```

```{warning}
All Executors' `uses` must follow the format `jinahub+docker://MyExecutor` (from [Jina Hub](https://hub.jina.ai)) to avoid any local file dependencies.
```

To deploy,

```bash

> $ jc deploy flow.yml

Reviewer: Did you anywhere mention what is `jc`?

Author: Added

```

you should get:

```bash
╭───────────────Flow is available!──────────────╮
│                                               │
│   ID    <your_flow_id>                        │
│   URL   grpcs://<your_flow_id>.wolf.jina.ai   │
│                                               │
╰───────────────────────────────────────────────╯

> ```

Reviewer: use real screenshot

## Connect from Client

> Run the following Python script:

Reviewer: remove  this sentence, meaningless

```python
from clip_client import Client

c = Client(
    'grpcs://<your_flow_id>.wolf.jina.ai'
)  # This is the URL you get from previous step

r = c.encode(
    [
        'First do it',
        'then do it right',
        'then do it better',
        'https://picsum.photos/200',
    ]
)
print(r)

> ```

Reviewer: Always use real copy-pasteable code that can run as-is

will give you:

> ```bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```text
```

# Deploy CLIP Encoder on JCloud

This tutorial shows how to deploy CLIP Encoder on JCloud. 
Click [here](https://github.com/jina-ai/jcloud) for more information on JCloud usage.

> ## Deploy on JCloud

Reviewer 2: Use this line as the top header
